Okay, we're still talking about PIMCO, right?
P-I-M-C-O
We talked about pictures,
lets move on to the I which is inspiration, okay?
Marketing in presentations work best
when they're artistic,
visual, of course, and inspiring.
And there's so many amazing examples,
not just in images, but also in video,
and while using music to make something inspirational.
And we talked a lot about images,
and we discussed how, creating the content of our course,
images to use to start a presentation
can be really, really powerful.
Right, but all people want to be inspired, right?
Who doesn't?
Everybody wants to be inspired.
And we could do this through storytelling.
We can do this through quotes
which I encourage you to include on your slides
regardless of what type of presentation you're giving, okay?
And we talked a lot about quotes earlier in the course.
Include them if you want
to make a speech more inspirational, okay?
And I love this quote.
I know I've used it a lot, but it's so prophetic.
People might not remember what you said,
but they'll never forget or they'll always remember
how you made them feel.
Okay now, we're gonna talk about how to insert
(mumbles) photos and images a little bit later on.
But I want you to just check out some of these images here,
and examples of being inspirational in a presentation.
And hopefully, these give you some ideas
on what to include in your presentation.
And as always, if you have questions
just please leave me a question here, within the course
as I'm here to offer my humble support and help.
Thanks.